Yeah, once again, it's the
code.
Today is the 16th of August,
Hi everybody, I'm Adam Curry.
Welcome from Curry Castle in
Belgium.
And of course, just as I'm about
start,
this looks like everyone's
home.
Okay, my daughter.
She had some kind of insect
on her arm
and she went to the doctor's
and showed me
how it is in just a second.
So I'm back on the radio for the
two weeks
my tenure, my year-long tenure.
Started this morning, got up at
Yeah, that was quite a shock
about 10 days off.
Although, you know, even on
I couldn't really sleep in at
Once you get into the rhythm,
it.
You're just in the rhythm.
I was getting up at 6.30 every
And actually as of September 1st
when there's no more radio show,
I still think I'd like to try
get to bed on time
and get up early.
Yeah, it's just, there's
to it.
Let's see what's going on in the
today.
Big news.
Paris Hilton's sister, Nikki,
heres to the Hilton millions,
millions,
billions.
God knows what.
Got married in Las Vegas
to a 33-year-old money manager
New York.
uh
coincidence
And I want oh yeah
You may or may not have heard
the fuck the FCC song. I was it
did that Eric idle from
Monty Python
I
Figured I just play that because
are still a lot of people I've
in my
Environment who haven't heard it
so brilliant and especially to
that a Brit had to do this
You know this is the great
song
If there ever was one of what's
on with the with the FCC and I'm
gonna play it for you
Here's a little number. I wrote
other day while out duck hunting
a judge
Fuck you very much the FCC
Fuck you very much for finding
Five thousand bucks a fuck so
really out of luck. That's more
how you deflice was judging me
So fuck you very much the FCC
See you.
For proving that free speech
isn't free
For clear channels a dear
So Howard Stern must go
Attorney General Ashcroft
like strong words and so
He's charging twice as much as
the drugs per rush limo
So fuck you all so very much
So fuck you very much dear Mr.
For heroic early sitting on your
For Halliburton and Ron all the
Hail!
Let's send them a clear signal
stick Martha straight in jail
She's an over dear rich bitch
And at least she isn't male
So fuck you all so very much
You dickhead mister chewy too
Fuck you and fuck everything you
Your pacemaker must be a fake
haven't got a heart as far as
concerned
You're just a pasty face don't
and I'll spaconda leaves a she's
intellect you taught so fuck you
so very much
So fuck you very much the EPA
Forgiving all the lascas oil
it really is a bummer when I
fill my hula
The ozone so no-go-zone now that
here to say the nuclear
are going to take place in LA
So fuck you also very much
So what the planet fails let's
the great white males and fuck
also very much
That's just perfect. Oh, hold on
second. I can now actually hear
on the headphones without
some huge delay. Oh, that's
Mm. Nice. I wonder why all of a
that work now.
Hmm. Alrighty. I also hear my
mic set cracking a little bit
Oops. Almost
dropped the battery, huh? So, a
protest song there. Just love
What else has
been going on? I've been, oh,
to an excellent audiobook.
by Michael
Criton. It's the unabridged
which means in total it's 14
worth of spoken
words. Speaker's actually pretty
He's doing accents because part
it, at least
the part that I'm at now, is
in France, so he's doing French
So,
no, it's actually quite cool.
book. And I bought it off of
Really convenient.
I'm big audiobook so much. And
I didn't catch much on the iPad,
Potter script the other night.
for Dave's audio blog, I figured
just
listen to a book I'd already
so I'm kind of in the middle of
And I actually did have a great
with Dave Weiner. We talked
our audio
blogs and it seems that we're
doing a radio show together. But
are people listening, I'm
at my server logs and there was
least
well, there was over a hundred
of a second show that I did. And
talking about how much room
is, so much room for improvement
distributing our audio and video
the stuff that we make. You
this is,
we've got all the bits in place
I think a lot of it pertains.
know, a
lot of the blogging stuff we're
will fit perfectly with audio
video. A
lot of it won't really wasn't
that way. And it's just
You
know, all I think all the stuff
there. It's just how do we make
as simple as
possible. And the day that
my wife,
You know, has an iPod that she
slips into the cradle and it
downloads
her favorite music channels from
Or it could be a cooking show or
new show or an interview show or
could be all kinds
of different audio files without
having to do anything else but
click
a box to subscribe to something.
That's when we've achieved
in my book.
Let's see, about seven minutes
this now, there's not a lot
on.
It is a Monday.
I guess everyone's just kind of
back to work now after vacation.
So an opportune day to play a
of the day.
Actually I felt like playing
country in Western.
Don't get a lot of that over
In fact, most people over here
country music and a lot of
in America hate country
music too.
But this is a classic that
loves and it is by Mr. Country
Johnny Cash.
I like to stay out and help us
some songs play the guitar for
greatest guitar players as well
songwriters
Thanks, my business. Make me
a little hip on the guitar. All
Well my daddy left home when I
three and he didn't leave much
and me just this old guitar an
bottle of food
I don't blame him because he
here, but the meanest thing that
ever did was before he left
He wouldn't named me Sue
Well, he must have thought that
was quite a joke and it got a
of laughs from a lot of folks
I had to fight my whole life
Some cow would giggle and I'd
rid and some guy'd laugh tonight
his head. I'll take it life
easy for a boy named Sue
Well, I grew up quick and I grew
seeing my fist got hard my wits
keen
Roll from town to town to hide
shame
But I make me about the moon and
I search the haunted Thompson
And kill that man and give me
awful name
Well it was Captain Burger in
And I'd just hit town and my
was dry
I thought I'd stop and held
a groove
Had an old balloon on a street
mud
There at the table, he'll
Set the thirty mange you talk,
me Sue
Well I knew that snake was my
sweet dad
From a worn out picture that my
had
And I knew that scar on his
and his evil eye
He was big and bent and pretty
old
And I looked at him and my blood
cold
I said, my name is Sue
How do you do?
Now you sit down
Yeah, but I told him
Well I hit him hard right
the eyes and the eyes.
He went down but some nice
Come up with a knife and cut off
piece of my ear.
Well I busted a chair right
his teeth
and we crashed through the wall
the street
kicking in a gouging and the mud
the blood and the beard.
I told you I bought the Tucker
but I really can't remember
It kicked like a mule and it bit
a crocodile.
I heard him laughing and I heard
cussing.
He went for his gun to pull mine
He said they're looking at me.
I saw him smile.
He said, son, this world is
And if a man's gonna make it,
gotta be tough.
And I know I wouldn't be there
help you along.
So I give you that name and I
goodbye.
And you'd have to get tough or
And it's that name that helped
make you strong.
Yeah. He said, now you just
one hell of a fight.
And I know you hate me and you
the right to kill me now.
I wouldn't blame you if you do
But you ought to thank me before
die for the gravel and your guts
the spitting eye
But I'm the son of a bitch that
you soon
What could I do I got old chills
and I flew down my gun
Called him upon he called me a
and I come away with a different
of view
And I think about him not then
time I try every time I win
And if I ever have a son, I
I'm gonna name him bill or
anything but
I'm legendary Johnny Cash boy
suit
On the daily source code
Just want to wind it up with a
of things whoops
One is the Olympics now we've
noticed that no one has blocked
logging from the Olympic Games.
And I think I know why because
Olympic Games has nothing to do
what you think
the Olympic Games are.
The prices are too expensive for
individual events, at least for
people, just to
spend a few bucks and go to your
It's all invited officials and
of the International Olympic
and the
National Sport Federation and
National Olympic Committees.
And it's all cronies and it's
big advertising you have to make
television events is
what it is.
And you can even see how the
are cutting the shots so you
see, hey baby,
how are you?
My God.
Yeah, but your arm is in a, what
this?
This is an entire...
I'm actually...
I'm gonna grab my arm because I
an allergic reaction to some
of...
I'm staking that that animal had
That bug had some kind of
Shit.
It's completely red associated
this on. I'm actually not
to use this
I'm recording this by the way
my show. Okay. Yeah, but I'm not
to use it for the week really
but I'm still gonna go when can
ride you can't ride. I'm still
go
Wednesday. But you're not
to. Yeah, but you're not allowed
Yeah, but you don't want your
to get worse.
Witness witness the logic of a
year old. Okay, but they don't
what kind of animal it was that
stung in. The stinger. Well, it
very official. Looks like you're
wounded. Okay, I'm gonna wrap
up.
One last thing. Just a quick
here for BloggerCon 3. The date
been chosen. Saturday, November
2004. And it will be held in...
I'm from Palo Alto, California
Stanford Law School.
I definitely plan on attending.
And that's it for the source
for today.
I'll be here tomorrow with more
for listening.
If you have any...
Oops.
Yeah, my assistant calling, hold
a second.
Chris Lee, wait till I tell you
Yup, bye.
If you have any comments, Adam
Curry.com,
or of course my web log is
Talk to you tomorrow.